Rework the app dev docs (#612)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/bindings-js/index.rst

.. toctree::
  :hidden:

  tutorial
  daml-as-json

The Node.js bindings let you access the Ledger API from Node.js code.

Getting started
***************

1. Set up NPM
=============

> The Node.js bindings are published on NPM.

Reviewer: I appreciate your optimism. :smile:

Reviewer: After reading the following lines, I realize you are probably not talking about the public NPM. Without qualification, "published on NPM" would lead people to think it's published on the public one (which is the plan but still has to happen).

> To set up NPM:

Reviewer: Since you already mention that we are publishing on NPM, these setup instructions are no longer needed.

If by "published on NPM" you meant the public one, which would likely be implicitly assumed if you don't explicitly say "published on DA's public NPM repository on Bintray".

#. Go to the `Digital Asset NPM repository home page on Bintray <https://bintray.com/digitalassetsdk/npm>`__.
#. click on the "Set me up!" button
#. follow the instructions for scoped packages with scope `da`

2. Start a new project
======================

> Use ``npm init`` to create a new project.

Reviewer: Can I ask you to sneak in a line here? A user was confused reading this.
```suggestion
Run ``npm init`` and follow the guided procedure to create a new project.
```

3. Install the bindings
=======================

> Use the NPM command line interface:

Reviewer: Can I ask you to sneak in a line here? A user was confused reading this.
```suggestion
Whether you already have a project or you are done with the ``npm init`` guided procedure, use the NPM command line interface to add the Node.js bindings as a dependency to your project:
```
